Add documentation on plan upgrades (#9)
vshn/application-catalog-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/crossplane/enable_plan_upgrade.adoc

= Enable Plan Upgrades

This page describes the steps which are necessary to enable plan upgrades for both MariaDB and Redis.

== Concepts

Service plans consist of two different parts.
The plan size and its SLA.

We currently have two SLA levels: `standard` and `premium`. 
SLA changes can be configured separately and doesn't need any of the setup described below.

We're currently supporting five different plan sizes:

* `xsmall`
* `small`
* `medium`
* `large`
* `xlarge`

You can look at the corresponding xref:app-catalog:ROOT:redis.adoc[Redis] or xref:app-catalog:ROOT:mariadb_galera.adoc[MariaDB] pages to see what these translate to.
Plan size changes are only supported if the following setup has been done.
Updates are only valid from smaller to bigger plan sizes.
Shrinking a service instance isn't supported.

[NOTE]
====
It's configurable which plan changes the Service Broker will allow. 
If the Service Broker is configured to for example allow a plan change from `large` to `small`, it will happily try to change the plan.

> So will the Crossplane Composition, but it will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backing Crossplane Composition will propagate the plan change by adjusting the Helm values accordingly.
However, the StatefulSet Resize Controller does not process StatefulSet changes which shrink the PVCs for the replicas.
```

> Please make sure to now allow invalid plan changes when configuring the Service Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there's no programmatic guards against invalid plan changes in place, users have to ensure they don't allow invalid plan changes when configuring the Service Broker.
```
